README.md, before:


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![InfluxDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/InfluxDB-22ADF6?style=for-the-badge&logo=InfluxDB&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=for-the-badge&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=Raspberry-Pi)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Dragon-Paragon1601 &theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Dragon-Paragon1601 &theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Dragon-Paragon1601 &theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Dragon-Paragon1601 &icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Update README with personal details and donation link
Added personal information, social links, and donation options.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
🔭 I’m currently working on discord bot<br>🤝 I’m looking for help with making websites<br>🌱 I’m currently learning javascript <br>⚡ Fun fact did u know that Giraffes are 30 times more likely to get hit by lightning than people


## 🌐 Socials:
[![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:wojtek0_0@wp.pl) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MariaDB-003545?style=flat&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white) ![InfluxDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/InfluxDB-22ADF6?style=flat&logo=InfluxDB&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=flat&logo=Raspberry-Pi)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Dragon-Paragon1601&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Dragon-Paragon1601&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Dragon-Paragon1601&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Dragon-Paragon1601&icon=0&color=6)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![Ko-Fi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ko--fi-F16061?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://ko-fi.com/DragonOrParagon1601) 

  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
